as we look at live pictures of the Gaza
Skyline we're getting reports of a clash
along the Israel Gaza border the Israeli
Army says Four soldiers were injured one
of them critically and armed clashes
near kabutu Kum close to the Border
Hamas earlier also claimed to have
clashed with Israeli forces in the area
a statement from hamas's armed Wing the
alassan brigades said it has launched a
strike with dozens of rockets to the
settlement of netivot in response to it
says the Zionist massacr against
civilians Israel has acknowledged over
the last week that it has sent small
military teams inside Gaza even as it
continues its massive buildup on the
borders just outside the
strip